README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="alacritty.png" alt="alacritty">
  <br />
  alacritty
</h1>

<p align="center"><b>This is the snap for alacritty</b>, <i>“A cross-platform, GPU enhanced terminal emulator”</i>. It works on Ubuntu, Fedora, Debian, and other major Linux
distributions.</p>

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you are provided a build status badge
<p align="center">
<a href="https://build.snapcraft.io/user/snapcrafters/fork-and-rename-me"><img src="https://build.snapcraft.io/badge/snapcrafters/fork-and-rename-me.svg" alt="Snap Status"></a>
</p>
-->

<p align="center">
  <img width="600"
       alt="Alacritty running vim inside tmux"
       src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4285147/21585004/2ebd0288-d06c-11e6-95d3-4a2889dbbd6f.png">
</p>

<p align="center">Published for <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anythingcodes/slack-emoji-for-techies/gh-pages/emoji/tux.png" align="top" width="24" /> with 💝 by Snapcrafters</p>

## Build

    SNAPCRAFT_BUILD_ENVIRONMENT_MEMORY=4G snapcraft --debug

## Install

    sudo snap install alacritty --classic

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when your snap is available on the store
[![Get it from the Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/static/images/badges/en/snap-store-white.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/my-snap-name)
-->

([Don't have snapd installed?](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install))

| [![Alper Kanat](https://gravatar.com/avatar/ef468cdb9947165b09d2afae24d6491c/?s=128)](https://github.com/tunix/) |
| :---: |
| [Alper Kanat](https://github.com/tunix/) |

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you have upstream contacts
## Upstream

| [![Upstream Name](https://gravatar.com/avatar/bc0bced65e963eb5c3a16cab8b004431?s=128)](https://github.com/upstreamname) |
| :---: |
| [Upstream Name](https://github.com/upstreamname) |
-->

Commit message:

Removed desktop-helpers, updated README for testing

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="alacritty.png" alt="alacritty">
  <br />
  alacritty
</h1>

<p align="center"><b>This is the snap for alacritty</b>, <i>“A cross-platform, GPU enhanced terminal emulator”</i>. It works on Ubuntu, Fedora, Debian, and other major Linux
distributions.</p>

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you are provided a build status badge
<p align="center">
<a href="https://build.snapcraft.io/user/snapcrafters/fork-and-rename-me"><img src="https://build.snapcraft.io/badge/snapcrafters/fork-and-rename-me.svg" alt="Snap Status"></a>
</p>
-->

<p align="center">
  <img width="600"
       alt="Alacritty running vim inside tmux"
       src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/4285147/21585004/2ebd0288-d06c-11e6-95d3-4a2889dbbd6f.png">
</p>

<p align="center">Published for <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anythingcodes/slack-emoji-for-techies/gh-pages/emoji/tux.png" align="top" width="24" /> with 💝 by Snapcrafters</p>

## Build

    SNAPCRAFT_BUILD_ENVIRONMENT_MEMORY=4G snapcraft --debug

## Install

    sudo snap install alacritty --classic

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when your snap is available on the store
[![Get it from the Snap Store](https://snapcraft.io/static/images/badges/en/snap-store-white.svg)](https://snapcraft.io/my-snap-name)
-->

([Don't have snapd installed?](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install))

## Testing

[X] Are you able to launch alacritty?
[X] Do your customizations work? (`~/.config/alacritty/alacritty.yml`)
[X] Does transparency work? (only if configured)
[X] Are you able to launch commands with sudo?
[X] Are you able to launch text based apps? (nano, vim, bpytop etc.)
[ ] Are you able to launch GUI applications? (gedit, xeyes etc.)

| [![Alper Kanat](https://gravatar.com/avatar/ef468cdb9947165b09d2afae24d6491c/?s=128)](https://github.com/tunix/) |
| :---: |
| [Alper Kanat](https://github.com/tunix/) |

<!-- Uncomment and modify this when you have upstream contacts
## Upstream

| [![Upstream Name](https://gravatar.com/avatar/bc0bced65e963eb5c3a16cab8b004431?s=128)](https://github.com/upstreamname) |
| :---: |
| [Upstream Name](https://github.com/upstreamname) |
-->
